with money 34 cents plus 29 cents again
it's very important that you write
neatly and that not only the numbers are
lined up in the right columns but that
the decimal point is also lined up right
on top of each other and because it's
money you need to make sure you have a
dollar sign so other than that we'll add
it like the other problems starting in
the ones column 4 plus 9 is 13 so put
down the 3 carry the 1 now we have 1
plus 3 which is 4 4 plus 2 is 6 drop
down the decimal point drop down the 0 0
plus 0 is 0 and drop down the dollar
sign so we have 63 cents as the sum
let's use the inverse operation to check
that so again I'm making sure that I
write neatly this answer and I'm gonna
subtract 29 cents
so 3-9 doesn't work so I can borrow one
from the six the six becomes a five this
becomes 13 13 minus nine is four five
subtract two is three we bring down the
decimal point zero minus zero is zero
and we bring down the dollar sign and we
have 34 cents which is what we had up
here on top so our answer is correct so
make sure when you're doing this the
digits the decimal point and the dollar
sign are all lined up correctly on top
of each other let's try another money
problem let's pretend we have one dollar
and 23 cents and that we find another 75
cents again written neatly numbers
decimal points and dollar signs lined up
vertically 3 plus 5 is 8 2 plus 7 is 9
bring down the decimal point 1 plus 0 is
fernanda the dollar sign and we have a
dollar 98 let's check this with the
inverse operation one dollar
ninety-eight cents subtract
$0.75 $0.75 8 again we want to make sure
everything is lined up neatly and if you
do that I guarantee it will be easier
so again just double check to make sure
your digits are lined up vertically and
the decimal is lined up vertically and
your dollar sign is lined up vertically
if you do this it will make your life
much easier as a mathematician so 8
subtract 5 is 3 9 subtract 7 is to drop
that decimal point down and 1 subtract 0
is 1 drop the dollar sign down and we
have one dollar and 23 cents and that is
what we have up here so using the
inverse operation we know our answer is
correct so the tip is to write neatly
and make sure that your digits your
decimal points your dollar signs are
lined up on top of each other and always
start with start with the ones place if
you follow these three tips you're going
to do a fantastic job thank you very
much